Almond flan and cookies
It's an easy and quick plan to do and very
rich
we start by putting water in a tray
and we put it in the oven to make the
flan in a bain-marie in a bowl crushed
the cookies and mix it with the
ground almonds
mix the cookies well with the
almond and we reserve
On the other hand, we separate the yolks from the
clear and assemble the whites to the point of
snow we can do it by hand or with a
mixer
I did it with the blender
water the sugar little by little without leaving
to beat and then add the yolks
one to one
without stopping to mix add the mixture of
the cookies with the almond and for
last milk
we throw liquid candy in a flanera
and pour the mixture that we just
prepare the truth is that I have
past throwing candy but good
we put it in the oven that will be
preheated to 250 degrees during a
about an hour and a half or until
we cook it with albal paper
so they do not get too brown and
We test with a pinch before
take it out to see what is done
we let cool and we put it in the
refrigerator and the next day we see we give
and that's the way it is, this is what I've done with
so much candy and then I made two of
the little ones with less candies
they are delicious delicious very easy
fast and very rich